samples: net: Add nrf7002EK support (#23595)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    The certificate is provisioned only if the :ref:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_SECURE_SOCKET <CONFIG_SAMPLE_SECURE_SOCKET>` Kconfig option is set to ``y``.
  * Fixed an issue where the network interface was not re-initialized after a fault.

> * Added support for nRF7002EK with ``nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp/ns`` board target in the following samples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for nRF7002 EK with ``nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp/ns`` board target in the following samples:
```
This could be moved to top as the first entry as this affects many samples.
